[index.md] destination docs for new Flagshipio destination (#2861)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/flagshipio/index.md

---
title: Flagship.io Destination
rewrite: true
id: 626153e34fb8f47a32f8deab
---

> [Flagship.io](https://www.Flagship.io/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) lets engineering teams deploy continuously and monitor the impact of features on technical infrastructure, while product teams control how features are released and their impact on users' experience and business KPIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Flagship.io](https://www.Flagship.io/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"} lets engineering teams deploy continuously and monitor the impact of features on technical infrastructure. It also enables product teams to control how features are released and how they impact user experience and business KPIs.
```

This destination is maintained by Flagship.io. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Flagship Support team](mailto:support@flagship.io).

## Getting Started

{% include content/connection-modes.md %} 

1. From the Destinations catalog page in the Segment App, click **Add Destination**.

> 2. Search for "Flagship.io" in the Destinations Catalog, and select the "Flagship.io" destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for **Flagship.io** in the Destinations Catalog, and select the **Flagship.io** destination.
```

> 3. Choose which Source should send data to the "Flagship.io" destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose which Source should send data to the Flagship.io destination.
```

> 4. Go to the [Flagship.io settings interface](https://app.flagship.io/env/c92t23fode700aontbvg/settings/integrations) (Settings > Integrations), choose Segment in the dropdown, click Add Tool, copy the API key displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the [Flagship.io settings interface](https://app.flagship.io/env/c92t23fode700aontbvg/settings/integrations){:target="_blank"} under **Settings > Integrations** and choose **Segment** in the dropdown. Click **Add Tool** and copy the API key displayed.
```

> 5. Enter the "API Key" in the "Flagship.io" destination settings in Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter the **API Key** in the Flagship.io destination settings in Segment.
```

## Supported methods

> AB Tasty supports the following methods, as specified in the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flagship.io supports the following methods as specified in the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec).
```

### Identify

> Send [Identify](/docs/connections/spec/identify) calls to AB Tasty webhook. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send [Identify](/docs/connections/spec/identify) calls to the Flagship.io webhook. For example:
```

```js
analytics.identify('userId123', {
  email: 'john.doe@example.com',
  trait1: 1,
  trait2: "test",
  trait3: true
  },    
});
```

> Segment sends Identify calls to Flagship.io as an `identify` event. AB Tasty data engine then ingest the different traits associated to the identified user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment sends Identify calls to Flagship.io as an `identify` event. The Flagship.io data engine then ingests the different traits associated to the identified user.
```

> Traits received are then available in the [Flagship use case builder](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/getting-started-with-flagship#4-create-your-first-campaign-on-the-platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The received traits are available in the [Flagship use case builder](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/getting-started-with-flagship#4-create-your-first-campaign-on-the-platform){:target="_blank"}.
```

### Group

> Send [Group](/docs/connections/spec/group) calls to Flagship.io webhook. Flagship.io data engine then ingest the different traits associated to the identified group. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send [Group](/docs/connections/spec/group) calls to Flagship.io webhook. The Flagship.io data engine then ingests the different traits associated to the identified group. For example:
```

```js
analytics.group("0e8c78ea9d97a7b8185e8632", {
  name: "Initech",
  industry: "Technology",
  employees: 329,
  plan: "enterprise",
  "total billed": 830
});
```

Segment sends Track calls to Flagship.io as a `group` event. Flagship.io data engine then ingest the different traits associated to the identified user

> Traits received are then available in the [Flagship use case builder](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/getting-started-with-flagship#4-create-your-first-campaign-on-the-platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The received traits are available in the [Flagship use case builder](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/getting-started-with-flagship#4-create-your-first-campaign-on-the-platform){:target="_blank"}.
```
